Update Direct Manipulation docs to mention TextInput's .clear() (#2624)
facebook/react-native-website: docs/direct-manipulation.md

export default App;
```

> You can use the [`.clear`](https://reactnative.dev/docs/textinput#clear) method to clear the TextInput which clears the TextInput using the same approach

Reviewer: Please use internal link here and add missing dot at the end of sentence.

> You can use the [`.clear`](https://reactnative.dev/docs/textinput#clear) method to clear the TextInput which clears the TextInput using the same approach

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the [`clear`](textinput#clear) method to clear the `TextInput` which clears the current input text using the same approach.
```
